Climbing Lessons

Here at Cliff Hangers we provide several levels of climbing instruction, all tailored to your individual strengths, interests, and comfort levels. You can start your lessons on small one- and two-pitch climbs and move up to longer routes. We cover everything from working with hand- and footholds to working with ice axes. Lessons are always under the watchful and encouraging eye of an experienced instructor. Special instruction is also available for those with special physical needs or requirements.

NOTE: Students may be removed from the courses for safety reasons at any time based on the discretion of the instructor. Partial refunds available for any uncompleted courses.


Introduction to Rock Climbing I
-------------------------------
This course covers the basics of rock climbing and climbing equipment. You'll learn about:

    Harnesses, ropes and safety rules
    Basic hand and foot holds
    Types of climbing equipment and their uses
    First aid techniques
    Climbing ethics

Time 	half day
Prerequisites 	None
Rating 	5.5 - 5.6


Introduction to Rock Climbing II
--------------------------------
This course continues the instruction from Introduction to Rock Climbing I. The course covers:

    One- and two-pitch climbs
    Rappelling
    Placing and removing climbing equipment
    Intermediate hand and foot holds
    First aid techniques

Time 	1 day
Prerequisites 	Basic climbing experience or Introduction to Rock Climbing I
Rating 	5.6 - 5.7


Intermediate to Advanced Climbing
---------------------------------
This course covers techniques for mid to large scale climbs. Prospective students need to display significant climbing proficiency and knowledge. Techniques taught include:

    Leading a climb
    Working with multipitch climbs
    First aid techniques

Time 	2 days
Prerequisites 	Consent of instructor after climbing evaluation
Rating 	5.8-5.9


Aid Climbing
------------
This course covers the technique of aid climbing. Climbing proficiency is required. Course topics:

    Basics of aid climbing
    Tools of aid climbing
    Working with ice axes and crampons

Time 	2 days
Prerequisites 	Consent of instructor after climbing evaluation
Rating 	A1-A3


Ice Climbing
------------
This course covers the technique of ice climbing. Some climbing experience is required. Note that this course is offered only from December to January, and only when weather and ice conditions permit. Course topics:

    Ice climbing tools and techniques
    Ice climbing hazards
    First aid

Time 	1 day
Prerequisites 	Consent of instructor after climbing evaluation